c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\Revo.exe.config
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\Revo.exe
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\Revo.pdb
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo_Content.g.cs
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo.g.resources
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo.exe
c:\users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\obj\Debug\Revo.pdb
C:\Users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\audio.mp3
C:\Users\yonatan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Revo\Revo\bin\Debug\duran.mp4
